Hey old thing
They welcomed the chairperson of Huacan Group
What are you doing?
As I said earlier, I am the chairperson of Huacan Group
Can'er is my heir
Dad, didn't you mean grandpa?
Is he definitely not the chairperson of Huacan Group?
How is that possible?
It's over. It's over.
They really are
The chairperson and heir of Huacan Group?
Thank you very much.
Come to the handover ceremony of Huacan Group
The heir standing next to me
It's my long-lost grandson
He suffered a lot growing up.
Until I found him
He is still being bullied
But now it's just right
This is also to hone his will
Of course I also know
He is deficient in management.
I decided to invest 10 billion in normal
Let my grandson practice
10 billion investment 10 billion
Investment 10 billion
Haha, it's alright.
Welcome to sign up for cooperation projects
Earned half a point
At a loss, the chairperson of Huacan Group
In order to exercise the heir 10 billion
It's atmospheric.
Earned half a point
If you pay, Huachan will pay for it.
The purchase must be done
Chairperson, I work in real estate
Hope to cooperate with you.
I make clothes.
Hope to cooperate.
I work in medicine.
We also want